Adds Initial Set of Documents (#3)
ArlingtonCouncilOfPTAs/tech-guide: online-resources.md

## JoinPTA.org
[JoinPTA.org](https://www.joinpta.org) is a free service that allows you to join a PTA using a computer or mobile device.  Visit the Texas PTA site for [additional information on this tool](https://www.txpta.org/join-pta) and how to get setup.

## myPTEZ
[myPTEZ](https://www.myptez.com) is a company that provides cloud-based membership tracking to PTAs in Texas that are also using JoinPTA.org.  This tool can [manage rosters and pay dues](https://www.txpta.org/member-dues-and-cards) to Texas PTA.  For an additional cost, the tool also has some financial management capabilities.

## Bookkeeping Tools
See the [online bookkeeping tools](./online-bookkeeping.md) guide for more information.

## Google or Microsoft Accounts
Using [TechSoup](https://www.techsoup.org), Non-Profit organizations like PTAs can get access to Google Workspaces for Non-Profits or Microsoft 365.

PTAs that prefer a simpler experience or have limited technical experience, may want to learn towards Google Workspaces for Non-Profits.

PTAs that have advanced technical experience and more complex needs, may find Microsoft 365 a better fit.

## Canva for Non-Profits

> [Canva](https://www.canva.com) is a user-friendly tool that allows users to create and share designs.  This is a great way to create customized social media images.  Non-profits can use get free access to Canva Pro, which includes a diverse library of graphics and templates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Canva](https://www.canva.com) is a user-friendly tool that allows users to create and share designs.  This is a great way to create customized social media images.  Nonprofits can use get free access to Canva Pro, which includes a diverse library of graphics and templates.
```

Canva supports Google and Microsoft Single Sign-On out of the box, and can be configured to allow any user in your Google or Microsoft domain to automatically join your upgraded Canva Organization.

## Amazon Business
For PTAs that make many purchases throughout the year, Amazon Business can provide a centralized workflow for managing purchases and approval.  A PTAs tax-exampt form can be uploaded as well.  

For PTAs with advanced technical experience, Amazon Business can be integrated with Google or Microsoft for Single Sign-On.

> [<- back](./README.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[<- Go Back](./README.md)
```
